[PW-21587] Fix midroll reported as postroll (#118)
bitmovin/bitmovin-player-analytics-conviva: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/).

## [Unreleased]
### Fixed 

> - Mid rolls errorneously reported as post rolls when midroll's schedule time > the duration of the adbreak 

Reviewer: I think it's about the ad duration, not ad break duration, right?

```suggestion
- Mid-roll ads erroneously reported as post-rolls when mid-roll's schedule time is greater than the duration of the ad
```

Reviewer 2: Updated https://github.com/bitmovin/bitmovin-player-web-analytics-conviva/pull/118/commits/19815ff3a9dd1b44258aa68ef0c0c194044e6738

> - Adhelper testcases to use the source duration instead

Reviewer: No need for adding notes about test cases

Reviewer 2: Updated https://github.com/bitmovin/bitmovin-player-web-analytics-conviva/commit/19815ff3a9dd1b44258aa68ef0c0c194044e6738
